# S3.03-DevelopersTeam-ScapeRoom
This project carried out at the IT Academy aims to learn to collaborate as a team.

## Objectives of the exercise

Deepen knowledge and practice of:

- Git Flow.
- Git Commands: commit, push, merge, pull.
- Pull Requests.
- Use a Git Kanban board.
- Apply patterns.
- Create UMLs: Class diagrams.
- Design a database data model.

## Contributors

[@EnricW](https://github.com/EnricW)

[@tonijimenez72](https://github.com/tonijimenez72)


# Escape Room

## Level 1

We need to develop an app to manage a virtual Escape Room, where users can enjoy exciting adventures and solve challenging enigmas. At level 1, as MySQL persistence.

The application must meet the following requirements:

- Our virtual Escape Room, which has a specific name, offers a variety of themed rooms, intriguing clues and unique decorative objects.

- Each room is assigned a level of difficulty to provide a balanced and challenging experience.

- The clues are designed with specific themes to guide players in finding solutions.

- Decoration objects contribute to creating an immersive and memorable atmosphere in each room, using different types of materials.

- All elements have an associated price that reflects their value in the game.

 - The Escape Room must maintain an updated inventory of all rooms, tracks, and decorative objects.

- A record of the total value of the inventory must be kept to have a clear vision of the assets.

 - The application will offer functionality to issue certificates of overcoming riddles, recording the achievements achieved by players during their experience in the Escape Room.

- Players may be granted possible gifts or rewards in recognition of their ability and skill in solving the challenges posed.

The application is expected to include at least the following features:

 - Create a new virtual Escape Room.

- Add a new room with its respective level of difficulty.

- Incorporate themed tracks to enrich the game experience.

- Introduce decorative objects to set the rooms in a unique way.

- Show the updated inventory, displaying the available quantities of each room, clues and decorative objects.

- View the total value (in euros) of the Virtual Escape Room inventory.

- Allow the withdrawal of rooms, tracks, or decorative objects from the inventory.

- Generate sales tickets for different players.

- Calculate and show the total income generated by ticket sales of the Virtual Escape Room.

- Notify users about important events in the Escape Room, such as adding new tracks, ending a room, etc.
    
- Allow interested users to register to receive notifications when relevant events occur.
